16.

Owner: Htin Linn
Collaborators: Kelsey Skaarva and JoJo Wallace
Reviewer: Weronika Kowalczyk
Hangout: http://youtu.be/Ucl46TncWdk
Pivotal Tracker: https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/84548390

Review by Weronika Kowalczyk: Answers are clear and concise and answer all parts of the questions. 

a) Define and describe the protocols on which HTTP is dependent.
HTTP relies on TCP/IP(Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol). 
TCP/IP allows reliable transmission of ordered sequence of bytes between a pair of network agents.

b) What is the significance of the IP address 127.0.0.1?
127.0.0.1 refers to the local computer. This address can also reached via a special name, localhost.

c) What is a port and how/why is it used? What port is used by Web servers?
A port is an application-specific construct serving as a communications endpoint in a computer's OS. 
Port numbers are used by TCP/IP to distinguish different network agents at the same IP address.
The default port number for Web servers is 80 for http or 443 for https.

d) Explain what a URI is and describe its basic structure.
A URI(Uniform Resource Identifier) is a string of characters used to identify a name of a resource.
A URI begins with the name of the communication scheme by which the information may be retrieved, followed by a hostname, optional port number, and a resource on the host to be retrieved. 

e) Define and describe DNS. Would it be possible to make an internet connection without it?
DNS stands for Domain Name System. It allows the use of human-friendly names to identify hard-to-remember numerical IP addresses. It would still be possible to make an internet connection without it by using plain IP addresses. Nonetheless, it would be significantly less convenient.

f) Explain how HTTP is a 'stateless protocol'. If this is so, how can a server know that two different requests are actually from the same user?
HTTP is a 'stateless protocol' because every HTTP request is independent of and unrelated to all previous requests. A server can know that two different requests are actually from the same user by using cookies. HTTP cookies associate a particular user's browser with information held at the server corresponding to that user's session. 
35.



Owner: Htin Linn
Collaborators: Kyle Goodwill and Kelsey Skaarva
Reviewer: JoJo Wallace - Answers look great! Didn’t see any grammar errors. Wording is concise which makes it easy to read and understand. Great job Linn!
Hangout: http://youtu.be/Ucl46TncWdk
Pivotal Tracker: https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/84547732

a) Explain the difference between authentication and authorization.
Authentication is a process by which an entity or principal proves that it is who it claims to be.
Authorization refers to whether an entity or principal is allowed to do something. 

b) What is the relationship between third-party authentication and single sign-on?
Single sign-on refers to an end-user experience in which a single set of credentials is used to sign in to a variety of different services.
Third-party authentication is one way to achieve single sign-on: the requesting app can verify the identity of user via an authentication provider, without the user revealing her credentials to the requesting app.

c) Give an example of an authorization provider.
An example of an authorization provider is Twitter.

d) What would you use to cleanly indicate that a user has been authenticated in a Rails app?
One way to cleanly indicate that a user has been authenticated in a Rails app is to use a framework such as OmniAuth which uses session[] to store the authenticated user's id. 

e) How can you identify model attributes that should be excluded from mass assignment?
We can use "attr_protected" and "attr_accessible" to identify model attributes that should be excluded from mass assignment.

f) What is an association, and what kinds of associations are possible among application entities?
An association is a logical relationship between two types of entities in a software architecture. There can be one-to-one, one-to-many or many-to-many relationships among application entities. 

g) Identify and describe the mechanism provided by relational databases to model associations.
Relational databases use foreign keys to model associations. A foreign key is a column in one table whose job is to reference the primary key of another table to establish associations between objects represented by those tables.



39.
a) What were the most important (to you, personally) concepts, principles, skills, tools, etc. that you learned/mastered throughout the semester.
All the different software methodologies and when to apply which methodology was very informative. Picking up basic programming in Ruby and Rails was also useful.

b) Note any concepts, principles, skills, tools, etc. that you would have liked to learn, but that we didn't cover.
I wish the labs were a bit more comprehensive.

c) List all everything that you feel you did especially well this semester (master specific tools, languages, skills, etc.;  contribute to the project in a specific way, etc., learn and implement specific things quickly, etc.).
Commnuciation skills and collaborating with other students. 

d) List anything that that you feel that you didn't do as well, or that didn't go as well as you hoped (getting a list of these items will help me to better schedule material for future semesters).
I wish I was more well-versed in Rails at the end of the semester.

e) THANK YOU!
^__^
