Owner: Kyle Goodwill
Collaborators: Kelsey Skaarva, David Morris
Reviewer: Weronika Kowalczyk
Hangout: http://youtu.be/Ucl46TncWdk

Question 10. Give two examples of each of the following Software Engineering productivity mechanisms: 
a) Clarity via conciseness
   Shorter easier to read code
   i)assert_greater_than_or_equal_to(a, 7) is what would normally be written but the snippet a.should_be >= 7 is more concise
   ii)Metaprogramming in Ruby

b) Synthesis
   Generate code rather than write it yourself
   i)rails new - Creating the rails file structure
   ii)Migrations in rails to create database tables automatically
	
c) Reuse
   Reuse old code instead of writing new code to do something that has already been done somewhere else in your code
   i)Create functions to be used to do the same thing over and over
   ii)Design patterns to use the same solution on many different problems

d) Automation via Tools
   Replace tedious manual tasks with code to do it for you to save time
   i)Autotest
   ii)Cucumber

Owner: Kyle Goodwill
Collaborators: Htin Linn Kyaw, David Morris
Reviewer: Shari Steinberger
Hangout: http://youtu.be/Ucl46TncWdk

Question 29. Answer the following:
a) Define and describe the DOM
   The DOM is the Document Object Model, a language independent hierarchical representation of a HTML or XML document, and it contains all of the different tags in a web page document as nodes. The nodes are then placed into a structure called the DOM tree which organizes the nodes into an order that can be accessed by Javascript to read and manipulate the page.
b) When user interaction generates a browser event, what can JavaScript code do with respect to the DOM?
   Javascript can inspect the DOM elements and their values, as well as change the values and their attributes.
c) Define and describe AJAX.
   AJAX stands for Asynchronous Javascript and XML, it performs background HTTP requests to the server asynchronously without redrawing the page.
d) What tool do we use to test JavaScript and AJAX?
   Jasmine is the tool used to test AJAX and Javascript, it is based upon RSpec
e) What is the advantage of using AJAX to make HTTP requests to a Web server?
	The advantage of using AJAX to make requests to a web server is that content on the page can be changed dynamically without the need to redraw the page.
f) Define and describe 'graceful degradation'.
   A website that is built to gracefully degrade is intended to be viewed first by the most modern browsers, and then as older, less feature-rich browsers view it should degrade in a way that is still functional, but with fewer features.

Owner: Kyle Goodwill
Collaborators: None
Reviewers: None
Hangout: None
Question 39

a) Personally the skills that helped me the most this semester were the knowledge of Ruby on Rails that I plan to use going forward with my career as a Software Engineer. The Agile practices that I learned completely changed the way that I look at the development of large-scale software projects. Also the project management skills in particular have come inhandy while managing the Bike Share team.

b) I wish that we went more in depth with backend development and database management. This is a skill that I am lacking and would like to know more about. Another skill that I would like to have covered more is deployment in a live production environment and the differences that exist from a development environment.

c) I feel as though I was able to understand the Agile and Software Engineering material very well with little effort. The heroku stuff we did with the assignments also made deploying testing enviroments for the Bike Share project easy. 

d) The things that I struggled to grasp were the more technical aspects of using Ruby on Rails. Many of the tutorials and references that I found were vague and incomplete. Maybe recommend a book for students to reference next semester.
